---
title: "The adventures of Mr Muon"
date: 2021-06-12
---

# The adventures of Mr Muon

Mr Muon is rich. He froze part of his fortune in the AMM bank. AMM stands for  anomalous magnetic moment --I know... not a very conventional name for a bank--. In any case, this bank is very discreet and in order to determine how much money he's got there, an enormous effort has to be taken. 

On the one hand, by using their tricks and connections, one group of people called "the experimentalists" were able to conclude last week -early April 2021- that Mr. Muon fortune amounts to 1,165,920.61(± 0.41) Kalganids (Kal). However, a second group of people, "the theorists", are more stubborn and embark on the challenging quest of tracking down all Mr. Muon's transactions with the AMM bank. If their findings don't match the ones that the experimentalists just announced, then all alarms will be activated! Namely, this could mean that Mr. Muon might be money-laundering for the most wanted criminal organization, the NPO (New-Physics Organization). 

The "theorists" know that Mr. Muon's account has received contributions from at least three different sources. The most important is a huge enterprise called QED followed by the mysterious Hadrons Inc and the more modest massive boson corporation (MBC). The theorists have trustworthy informants at both QED and MBC and were able to determine (with negligible error) that Mr Muon received 1,165,847.19 Kal from the former and just 1.54 Kal from the latter. However, the several informants at "Hadrons Inc." are rather reluctant to disclose their secrets; they also like playing around with the theorists' feelings. Depending on whom you ask, Hadrons Inc. gave Mr. Muon either 69.37±0.43 or 70.81±0.55 Kal. The first informant drives a Mercedes while the second one a BMW so it is difficult to tell who's giving the most accurate information. 

Nonetheless, if the guy with the Mercedes is telling the truth, then we may start to seriously suspect that Mr. Muon might be indeed laundering money for NPO. It is admittedly a small amount (2.51±0.59 Kal), but it is sufficient to put Mr. Muon on a trial and have him speak about the whereabouts of the NPO. Time will tell... It is worth mentioning that Mr. Muon's little brother (Mr. Electron) has been very transparent and the sum of all its transactions with the AMM bank continues to match the total amount of his fortune. His older brother Mr. Tau died when he was very young and it is therefore more difficult to unblock his bank account but the experimentalists are working on that.
